Add 'constituent properties' section to all shorthand properties (#28088)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/overscroll-behavior/index.md

- `none`
  - : No scroll chaining occurs to neighboring scrolling areas, and default scroll overflow behavior is prevented.

## Description

> By default, mobile browsers tend to provide a "bounce" effect or even a page refresh when the top or bottom of a page (or other scroll area) is reached. You may also have noticed that when you have a dialog box with scrolling content on top of a page of scrolling content, once the dialog box's scroll boundary is reached, the underlying page will then start to scroll — this is called **scroll chaining**.
> 
> In some cases these behaviors are not desirable. You can use `overscroll-behavior` to get rid of unwanted scroll chaining and the browser's Facebook/Twitter app-inspired "pull to refresh"-type behavior.
> 
> Note that this property only applies to {{Glossary("Scroll_container", "scroll containers")}}. In particular, since an [`<iframe>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) is not a scroll container, this property cannot be used to stop scroll chaining for iframes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, mobile browsers tend to provide a "bounce" effect or even a page refresh when the top or bottom of a page (or other scroll area) is reached. You may also have noticed that when you have a dialog box with scrolling content at the top of a page that also has scrolling content, once the dialog box's scroll boundary is reached, the underlying page will then start to scroll — this is called **scroll chaining**.

In some cases, these behaviors are not desirable. You can use `overscroll-behavior` to get rid of unwanted scroll chaining and the browser's Facebook/Twitter app-inspired "pull to refresh"-type behavior.

Note that this property applies only to {{Glossary("Scroll_container", "scroll containers")}}. In particular, since an [`<iframe>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe) is not a scroll container, this property cannot be used to stop scroll chaining for iframes.
```
